[Music]
growing up in a religious town like ours
sins were dreaded even feared you and
your little posse are parading around
school calling yourselves the seven
deadly sins
from now on you will walk in the path of
the lord
once people started calling us the sins
everything changed
ladies it's time we take our sins
to the next level psalmist spirits
what's going on this is the devil chant
he wants to meet you he wants you to say
his name
aubrey miller she went missing last
night we're all in this together okay
satan trembles when he sees god face to
face
they are asking for trouble with that
[Music]
behavior
i'm going insane
we are so tired of being good little
girl
don't you want to be bad for once in
your life
[Music]
you